again there was a day when the sons of
God came to present themselves before
the Lord and Satan came also among them
to present himself before the Lord and
the Lord said to Satan from where do you
come from going to and fro on the earth
and from walking back and forth audience
have you considered my servant job that
there is none like him on the earth a
blameless and upright man one who fears
God and shuns evil and still he holds
fast to his integrity although you
incited me against him to destroy him
without cause skin for skin yes all that
a man has he will give for his life but
stretch out your hand now and touch his
bone and flesh and he will surely curse
you to your face behold he is in your
hand but spare his life
so Satan went out from the presence of
the Lord and struck Joe with painful
boils from the sole of his foot to the
crown of his head
and he took for himself a potsherd with
which to scrape himself while he sat in
the midst of the ashes and his wife said
to him
do you still hold fast to your integrity
curse God and die you speak as one of
the foolish women speaks shall we indeed
accept good from God and shall we not
accept adversity in all this job did not
sin with his lips now when jobs three
friends heard of all this adversity that
had come upon him each one came from his
own place Elif as fatima night bildad
the shuhite and zophar the neophyte
for they had made an appointment
together to come and mourn with him and
to comfort him and when they raised
their eyes from afar and did not
recognize him they lifted their voices
and wept and each one tore his robe and
sprinkled dust on his head toward heaven
so they sat down with him on the ground
seven days and seven nights and no one
spoke a word team for they saw that his
grief was very great
[Music]